yosef guys mr. gamblock see I wanted to
do the fresh out the shower look as you
can see my bathroom doors is open I've
really just walked out the shower put on
my clothes well obviously dried off then
actually still water on my glasses um i
have no reasoning for doing that I just
felt like it anyways unboxing time
haven't done one of these in a while
actually nothing the last thing I'm back
to snap food and I already watch
necklace it wasn't really too much to
talk about except for god i'm so hyped
for a season two so and please let this
people by Steph ooh I like an English
dub just saying I'm a male cheat you got
that treatment which should be coming in
the mail relatively soon so i would like
that show to get a treat that treat me
too especially this season 2 coming out
because he key guy senpai he commands it
anyways we're reviewing today is
actually a Funimation release it is the
devil is a part-timer this I have been
curious in ever since I finished
watching I couldn't become a hero sign
it up getting a part-time job I
reluctantly got a part-time job it has
that same kind of mixing stereotypical
rbg type of characters like monsters and
demons and shit and mixing it with the
real world so after watching that and
enjoying that I wish that headed up to
but had that one too needed up I heard
about this and a lot of people said this
was really good so I decided this is
another blind by I don't know any of the
characters on here I know that the dude
in red is Satan I've heard the English
dub he's voiced by Josh Grilli which
means he's already a win because you did
I love that voice actor I love that due
to death I have no problem buying
anything with his voice in it like
deadass and in his little blonde hair
psychic i know its voice about the same
dude who does chimp and my bride is a
mermaid but i don't know the voice after
cuz i haven't heard them that too much
Oh apparently this is from the same
people who did azumanga daioh shuffle
and free now
I haven't watched shuffle and free is
obviously not meant for me it's there
for girls because all that male fan
service but osmar dial was full of win
so that already met now I'm actually has
me hiked it also makes me curious to
watch shuffle at least not for real Oh
free I just know I wouldn't enjoy so I'm
not going to bother this is blu ray/dvd
combo pack once again they're still
doing this thing you know where it's
just like on the back also know the girl
in red I think is that he's a hero
character who comes to the real world
too and tries to kidding pretty much is
sent there to kill him the only
characters I don't and I know the girl I
think it's just a girl who works at the
same part time job as Satan I've watched
a few clips I think I did watch the
original first episode in Japanese when
it first aired and Funimation was first
streaming it but that was it
unfortunately this came on a monday
instead of a friday which means i can't
marathon this so i'm probably not going
to actually start watching this until
like the end of this week which is a
shame but you know that's what we gotta
do still loving the chipboard that I've
done we have the two cases I don't
recognize any of these characters Wow
obviously I haven't watched the anime
series yet which sucks is I read to
start this tonight I'm not gonna want to
get like four episodes in and be like oh
I guess I gotta stop now which one is
this this is the here she took I also
like the fact that this one is fair was
his character balance instead of doing
like the main characters like hug and I
next did this shit where hung a night
next he only had like certain characters
on one disc and other characters on
other and nice to believe this ok this
is the DVD version which I think this
was sooo well as being the DVD version
and then this is the blu-ray version
which looks a lot cooler so I'm glad
they're getting better with their cover
displacement and obviously these things
are double-sided pretty much standard
discs you can see there's a reverse
cover so I show that to you the blu-rays
don't look any different
same kind of stuff then there was the
reverse cover for this that we're just
enjoyable and its own right and then I'm
surprised I don't see fanservice I'll
need yet ya know fanservice I'm actually
surprised and then this um I actually
like both of I'm actually curious about
this plot because it obviously has like
some type of weird hmmm ish vibe to it
but I'm not specifically sure but uh I'm
intrigued and watching this if they were
going to be really mad because I'm still
in this ham kick that boy won't stop
until I found like a really chilled out
show me or until high and closer gets an
enemy release you don't fucking believe
me when I those goods anime release that
will be all the fuck I'm talking about
for like the next six months or when
fucking snafu season 2 comes out I'll be
talking about that for the next six
months to because those shows are great
or engage the unidentified I don't think
that's getting a season to it because
that's based off a comedy strip I
believe so there's only so much you can
do with that put this back in hand yeah
cool release look forward to watching
this a hair still kind of wet please
send me your thoughts and comments about
these about the show in description i'll
probably unboxing mayo chiki within the
next few days so look out for that I
mean yeah also I doesn't need a season 2
or what's the season 1 anything worth it
no no I'm curious oh I thought these
lines up and gave like an actual no they
don't okay I saw this and I was like
maybe there's something else like no
it's not Oh anyways thank you guys for
watching this has been the locks
campaign bots ago and I will catch you
all later
peace saw